content/portfolio/index.md, before:

---
layout: portfolio
---

## About me

Hey, I'm Samuel, I'm a {{< age >}} years old maker. I really like computers / electronics & hardware design / radio communication / space / 3D Design and audiovisual stuff.
I currently live in Alsace, France and while I like French, I prefer using English when I can. If you want to learn more, just scroll a bit.
If you want to see my recent work / current projects, you might want to go to my blog.

GPG key: [0xc97f759321c4c29c](https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?search=0xc97f759321c4c29c&fingerprint=on&op=index)

<div class="d-flex flex-row">
    {{< social-icon link="https://github.com/TheStaticTurtle" icon="mdi-github" >}} Github {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuel-tugler-62a9911b4/" icon="mdi-linkedin" >}} LinkedIn {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="https://twitter.com/TheStaticTurtle" icon="mdi-twitter" >}} Twitter {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="mailto:tuglersamuel@gmail.com" icon="mdi-at" >}} EMail {{< /social-icon >}}
</div>

<br>
<br>

## Experience
### {{< mdi "mdi-school" >}} Education
- (2021 - 2022) [Bachelor of science in Administration and Network security](https://www.iutcolmar.uha.fr/index.php/formations/diplomes/bac-3-licences-professionnelles/lp-metiers-des-reseaux-informatiques-et-telecommunications-parcours-administration-et-securite-des-reseaux/) ([University of Haute Alsace](https://www.uha.fr/en/index.html))
- (2019 - 2021) [HND in Computer science](http://www.iut-bm.univ-fcomte.fr/) ([IUT Belfort Montbéliard](http://www.iut-bm.univ-fcomte.fr/))
- (2016 - 2019) [High school (STI2D-SIN technological course)](https://oniseptv.onisep.fr/onv/bac-techno-sti2d-specialite-systeme-dinformation-et-numerique-sin) ([Lycee Theodore Deck](http://www.lyceedeck.fr/))

### {{< mdi "mdi-briefcase" >}} Professional
- Sep, 2022 → Long term contract as a `Technical solution developer` at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Sep, 2021 → 1 Year for my bachelor's degree at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Jul, 2021 → 3 Weeks summer job at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Apr, 2021 → 2 Months HND mandatory internship at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)

### {{< mdi "mdi-account-supervisor" >}} General
- Part of the stage sound and lighting crew at [AFSR](https://www.fete-sorciere.com/association.html)
- Technical aid at my local [choir](https://choraleoberhergheim.wixsite.com/choraleoberhergheim)

<br>
<br>

## Interests
### {{< mdi "mdi-satellite-variant" >}} Space & Radicommunications
I'm a big space nerd, especially space radio communications and rf signals in general; I've received multiple images from meteorological satellites such as the NOAA and METEOR satellites series and planning to received more advanced ones. I've previously received an ARISS<sup>[Link](https://www.ariss.org/)</sup> SSTV Award. [See the award](https://data.thestaticturtle.fr/ShareX/2020/08/18/Diplome.png). I'm currently on my way studying to get my Amateur Radio Licence to be able to transmit and bounce my way around satellites like [QO-100](https://amsat-uk.org/satellites/geo/eshail-2/EsHail-2).

### {{< mdi "mdi-cpu-64-bit" >}} Hardware
Aside from software development, I also really enjoy doing firmware development and hardware design. I'm completely self-taught in this domain, and I'm learning project after project of the mistakes I make.
I've worked on all kind of stuff including [hardware authentication tokens](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/lets-make-a-diy-gpg-usb-key/), [USB to RF converter](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/open433-lets-turn-light-on-with-the-computer/), [energy meter adapter](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/linkylink-connecting-myself-to-the-energy-meter/), etc ....
Doing these projects help me gain a good understanding of the good practices in schematic drawing and PCB design.

### {{< mdi "mdi-printer-3d" >}} 3D-Modeling
From high school to right now, I've learned a lot of things in CAD design and 3D printing. Since I own a 3d printer, I had to learn a lot of this stuff on my own. I'm designing almost everything myself like very simple enclosures, to the hardest design that I ever made: [bone conduction glasses](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/bone-conduction-glasses/)

### {{< mdi "mdi-server" >}} Selfhosting & Automation
One of the things I do the most is managing and experimenting on my own network infrastructure at home. I run a complete network including a domain, SSO,  multiple hypervisors, isolated vlans, storage, monitoring, etc....

I run services like HomeAssistant, Node-Red, Paperless which help me to organize and automate my daily life

### {{< mdi "mdi-cast-audio" >}} Audio / Video
I also like participating in the audio, and lighting crew  at the backstage of concerts / events. I have basic notions of audio mixing and simple light shows. Furthermore, I'm also starting to learn the big world of video production.

I annually attend the ["Fête de la sorciere"](https://www.fete-sorciere.com/) at Rouffach in France, and when it's scheduled I help in the backstage at a [choir](https://choraleoberhergheim.wixsite.com/choraleoberhergheim).

Commit message:

Added multilangual pages for my portfolio

content/portfolio/index.md, after:

---
layout: portfolio
language: en
translationKey: "portfolio"
---

## About me

Hey, I'm Samuel, I'm a {{< age >}} years old maker. I really like computers / electronics & hardware design / radio communication / space / 3D Design and audiovisual stuff.
I currently live in Alsace, France and while I like French, I prefer using English when I can. If you want to learn more, just scroll a bit.
If you want to see my recent work / current projects, you might want to go to my blog.

GPG key: [0xc97f759321c4c29c](https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?search=0xc97f759321c4c29c&fingerprint=on&op=index)

<div class="d-flex flex-row">
    {{< social-icon link="https://github.com/TheStaticTurtle" icon="mdi-github" >}} Github {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuel-tugler-62a9911b4/" icon="mdi-linkedin" >}} LinkedIn {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="https://twitter.com/TheStaticTurtle" icon="mdi-twitter" >}} Twitter {{< /social-icon >}}
    {{< social-icon link="mailto:tuglersamuel@gmail.com" icon="mdi-at" >}} EMail {{< /social-icon >}}
</div>

<br>
<br>

## Experiences
### {{< mdi "mdi-school" >}} Education
- (2021 - 2022) [Bachelor of science in Administration and Network security](https://www.iutcolmar.uha.fr/index.php/formations/diplomes/bac-3-licences-professionnelles/lp-metiers-des-reseaux-informatiques-et-telecommunications-parcours-administration-et-securite-des-reseaux/) ([University of Haute Alsace](https://www.uha.fr/en/index.html))
- (2019 - 2021) [HND in Computer science](http://www.iut-bm.univ-fcomte.fr/) ([IUT Belfort Montbéliard](http://www.iut-bm.univ-fcomte.fr/))
- (2016 - 2019) [High school (STI2D-SIN technological course)](https://oniseptv.onisep.fr/onv/bac-techno-sti2d-specialite-systeme-dinformation-et-numerique-sin) ([Lycee Theodore Deck](http://www.lyceedeck.fr/))

### {{< mdi "mdi-briefcase" >}} Professional
- Sep, 2022 → Long term contract as a `Technical solution developer` at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Sep, 2021 → 1 Year for my bachelor's degree at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Jul, 2021 → 3 Weeks summer job at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)
- Apr, 2021 → 2 Months HND mandatory internship at [Biotrial NEUROSCIENCE (Corelab)](https://www.biotrial.com/)

### {{< mdi "mdi-account-supervisor" >}} General
- Part of the stage sound and lighting crew at [AFSR](https://www.fete-sorciere.com/association.html)
- Technical aid at my local [choir](https://choraleoberhergheim.wixsite.com/choraleoberhergheim)

<br>
<br>

## Interests
### {{< mdi "mdi-satellite-variant" >}} Space & Radicommunications
I'm a big space nerd, especially space radio communications and rf signals in general; I've received multiple images from meteorological satellites such as the NOAA and METEOR satellites series and planning to received more advanced ones. I've previously received an ARISS<sup>[Link](https://www.ariss.org/)</sup> SSTV Award. [See the award](images/sstv-diploma.png). I'm currently on my way studying to get my Amateur Radio Licence to be able to transmit and bounce my way around satellites like [QO-100](https://amsat-uk.org/satellites/geo/eshail-2/EsHail-2).

### {{< mdi "mdi-cpu-64-bit" >}} Hardware
Aside from software development, I also really enjoy doing firmware development and hardware design. I'm completely self-taught in this domain, and I'm learning project after project of the mistakes I make.
I've worked on all kind of stuff including [hardware authentication tokens](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/lets-make-a-diy-gpg-usb-key/), [USB to RF converter](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/open433-lets-turn-light-on-with-the-computer/), [energy meter adapter](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/linkylink-connecting-myself-to-the-energy-meter/), etc ....
Doing these projects help me gain a good understanding of the good practices in schematic drawing and PCB design.

### {{< mdi "mdi-printer-3d" >}} 3D-Modeling
From high school to right now, I've learned a lot of things in CAD design and 3D printing. Since I own a 3d printer, I had to learn a lot of this stuff on my own. I'm designing almost everything myself like very simple enclosures, to the hardest design that I ever made: [bone conduction glasses](https://blog.thestaticturtle.fr/bone-conduction-glasses/)

### {{< mdi "mdi-server" >}} Selfhosting & Automation
One of the things I do the most is managing and experimenting on my own network infrastructure at home. I run a complete network including a domain, SSO,  multiple hypervisors, isolated vlans, storage, monitoring, etc....

I run services like HomeAssistant, Node-Red, Paperless which help me to organize and automate my daily life

### {{< mdi "mdi-cast-audio" >}} Audio / Video
I also like participating in the audio, and lighting crew  at the backstage of concerts / events. I have basic notions of audio mixing and simple light shows. Furthermore, I'm also starting to learn the big world of video production.

I annually attend the ["Fête de la sorciere"](https://www.fete-sorciere.com/) at Rouffach in France, and when it's scheduled I help in the backstage at a [choir](https://choraleoberhergheim.wixsite.com/choraleoberhergheim).
